README.md, before:

# Project Name
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Project Description

## Live Version

This page is not yet deployed.
<!--This page is currently deployed. [View the live website.]()-->

## Feedback and Bugs

If you have feedback or a bug report, please feel free to open a GitHub issue!

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, you may create a Pull Request containing your proposed changes and we will review it as soon as we are able! Please review our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## Code of Conduct

Before interacting with our community, please read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.nhcarrigan.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/63889819?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nicholas Carrigan (he/him)</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#projectManagement-nhcarrigan" title="Project Management">📆</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Questions section to readme
Signed-off-by: nhcarrigan <nhcarrigan@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Project Name
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

Project Description

## Live Version

This page is not yet deployed.
<!--This page is currently deployed. [View the live website.]()-->

## Feedback and Bugs

If you have feedback or a bug report, please feel free to open a GitHub issue!

## Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, you may create a Pull Request containing your proposed changes and we will review it as soon as we are able! Please review our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

## Code of Conduct

Before interacting with our community, please read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Questions

If you have questions regarding contributing, using the project, or any related topic, you can reach us at our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/yMBWgETTJu) where we would be happy to help!

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://www.nhcarrigan.com"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/63889819?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Nicholas Carrigan (he/him)</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#projectManagement-nhcarrigan" title="Project Management">📆</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
